DOCS-3996 Tracking User Actions Edit (#15138)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/tracking_user_actions.md

| `action.id` | string | UUID of the user action. |
| `action.type` | string | Type of the user action. For custom user actions, it is set to `custom`. |
| `action.target.name` | string | Element that the user interacted with. Only for automatically collected actions. |
| `action.name` | string | User-friendly name created (for example, `Click on #checkout`). For custom user actions, the action name given in the API call. |

## Declare a name for click actions

> The RUM library uses various strategies to get a name for click actions. If you want more control, you can define a `data-dd-action-name` attribute on clickable elements (or any of their parents) that is used to name the action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Browser SDK for RUM uses various strategies to get a name for click actions. If you want more control, you can define a `data-dd-action-name` attribute on clickable elements (or any of their parents) that is used to name the action. 
```
